Added cards for different guides in Introduction page (#85)
prometheus-operator/website: content/docs/getting-started/introduction.md

- Simplified Deployment Configuration: Configure the fundamentals of Prometheus like versions, persistence, retention policies, and replicas from a native Kubernetes resource.
- Prometheus Target Configuration: Automatically generate monitoring target configurations based on familiar Kubernetes label queries; no need to learn a Prometheus specific configuration language.

<!-- Getting-Started -->
{{<link-card
  title="Getting-Started"
  href="https://prometheus-operator.dev/docs/getting-started/introduction/"
  description="Get started with Prometheus-Operator."
>}}

<!-- API -->
{{<link-card
  title="API Reference"
  href="https://prometheus-operator.dev/docs/api-reference/api/"
  description="Reference for different fields of Custom Resources in Prometheus-Operator."
>}}

<!-- Developer Guide -->
{{<link-card
  title="Developer Guide"
  href="https://prometheus-operator.dev/docs/developer/getting-started/"

>   description="Learn how to configure monitoring for your applications."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description="Learn how to configure scraping, alerting, and recording rules for your applications."
```

>}}

<!-- Platform Guide -->
{{<link-card
  title="Platform Guide"
  href="https://prometheus-operator.dev/docs/platform/webhook/"

>   description="Set up, configure and manage instances of Prometheus and related resources."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description="Set up, configure and manage instances of Prometheus-Operator, Prometheus, Alertmanager and ThanosRuler resources."
```
